I've come to some Ives in Cornwall a
town notoriously feed snatching girls to
track down the answers
back in 1952 there was just one solitary
nest here now the town is home to what
could be around 1,000 hungry gulls in
order to find out how bold the seagulls
are I'm going to be quite bold myself
I've got a prawn sandwich and I'm going
to take out and see if they come in for
a grab
[Music]
it's really unnerving actually because I
can feel the wall around me
they're flying increasingly close to me
a bit like watching a horror movie where
you know something Bad's gonna happen
but you don't know when it's gonna
[Music]
just flashed wings and feet and it was a
bit like being mugged if I'm honest in
less than a minute the gull targets me
from behind knocks the sandwich and
provokes a feeding frenzy didn't take
the fingers thankfully but what's really
impressive is how it appeared to spot my
sandwich from about 50 meters away it
was a fast silent attack and I kind of
like to know how they managed to achieve
that because it happened out of nowhere
with over 200,000 gulls coming to live
in our urban areas airborne attacks like
mine and now an issue right across the
UK
they are very menacing we'd call a lot
of them rats of the sky because if you
had that problem with rats you would do
something about it I felt them over my
head and suddenly I thought I can't see
anything and they'd actually taken my
glasses we warned every single customer
that comes in our door to watch out for
the gulls
you